C the UN Security Council is reiterating
its demand to scale up humanitarian Aid
to Gaza even though some of its members
are withholding funding to gaza's
largest Aid agency unra behind closed
doors they met with the woman tasked
with making it happened sigd Cog un
senior humanitarian and reconstruction
coordinator there is no way uh any
organization can replace or substitute
the tremendous capacity the fabric of
unra the ability uh and their knowledge
of the population in Gaza Cog barely a
month into her job has already met with
officials in Israel Gaza Egypt and
Jordan Cog told the council more Aid
routs into Gaza as well as a resumption
of commercial deliveries are needed to
meet the Staggering needs of the people
but she offered no alternative to unra
in an effort to reassure donor Secretary
General Antonio gutterz called a meeting
with member states detailing actions the
UN has taken since Israel accused 12 UNR
employees of taking part in the October
7th attacks those named have been sacked
a comprehensive investigation launched
the United States un's largest donor
praised the organization's work even as
it called for changes we need to see
fundamental uh changes before we can
resume providing uh funding directly to
UNR as you know um we shouldn't let that
cloud the great work that Andra does
Andra has
provided essential humanitarian
assistance to the Palestinian people and
unra is the only organization on the
ground that has the capacity to continue
to provide that assistance this is not
the time to withhold funds or suspend
funds we need to have humanitarian
assistance up to the level of the needs
of the people of the of the Gaza Strip
without funding resuming the UN is
warning unr's life-saving work could be
severely impacted in a matter of weeks
Kristen salumi Al jazer the United
Nations make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer